1: Scrum is framework by which we can implement agile. There are lots of other framework available like kanban, xp 
but scrum is one which is widely used.

2: Scrum.org says its a better way to build products. it has phases (https://www.scrum.org/resources/what-is-scrum)
    > Product backlog (holds complete uncompleted task)
    > Sprint (some requirement picked from backlog)
    > Sprint team (4 to 8 people)

3: So scrum is lightweight framework, simple to understand but difficult to master.

4: scrum normally goes with sprint. suppose entire project might get one year so you are not going to wait for entire 1 year
to deliver product. of cource client will not be waiting for you to deliver product in one year. so what if you can deliver something 
to your client every 1, 2, or 4 week depending on your speed. it is potentially shipped product, it depends on client that they want 
these small product to be deployed or not.
So from the entire product requirement we will take small requirement each week.

4: so we will have entire backlog(uncompleted work) available in product backlog of scrum. we can add requirement later also its not 
fixed.
Then we pick some requirement from backlog and create a sprint for 1 ,2 or 3 week. we will call this current sprint backlog for defined
week. here we will plan sprint.
Then there is scrum team who will work on product. its not a big team , it is approx 4 to 8 people.
Then after decided time of sprint we have completed 1st sprint it is called increment.
But suppose there are situation we could not complete all backlogs of our sprint so in that case we will move it to next sprint. yes 
it is possible..


5: Sprint Retrospective : Before moving to next sprint from first one we have to do sprint retrospective. sprint retrospective is
like we talk following thing in this plase.
    > what worked well
    > what could be improved
    > what will we commit to do in next sprint. here scrum team member makes actionable commitment.
    
6: one more phase we missed is daily scrum: for 15 min each day team member makes standup where they discuss about sprint and if
there are something which is blocking him.

7: Product owner : product owner is something like who is representing your client or stakeholder. so the client will give all the
requirement and you will get the requirement from product owner.

8: Scrum master : this people is responsible for all the scrum process working. development team is responsible for task so there
is need of a person who could manage all like standup meeting , retrospective helping people to achieve task.
Here are some scrum master responsibilities.
 > Clearing obstacles (thing that blocks one way or prevents)
 > Establishing an environment where team can be effective
 > Addresing team dynamics
 > Ensuring good relationship between team and product owner.
 > Protecting team from outside intruption and distraction.
 
9: Development team is self organising and cross function (one can do development design and testing also).

10: Scrum Board : scrumboard has some column 
    > story : here we have backlogs.
    > todo :
    > inprogress:
    > Testing
    > Done : this part is very important. when we put backlog in done phase it means 100% of work is completed
              we cant put some task which is completed 70 %. done means 100 % done.
              
 

Ref : https://www.scrum.org/resources/what-is-scrum




